#summary Introduction to gwt-cx.
#labels Phase-Requirements

= What is gwt-cx? =
gwt-cx is an open-source Customer Experience (CX) framework, that provides you with the ability to quickly and cost-effectively create innovative customer experiences.

gwt-cx provides:

  *  *a core web-application* with rich feature set (including: authentication, localisation/multi-lingual, multi-page, data import/export).
  *  *a range of plug-in modules* to add common customer relationship management functionality (including; contacts, accounts, calendar, workflow, reports).
  *  *the ability to easily extend the framework* to add new modules to tailor unique customer experiences.


= Why gwt-cx? =
gwt-cx is designed for businesses innovators who understand that unlocking opportunity is driven by delivering a compelling customer experience, rather than reactive management of the customer relationship through legacy CRM systems.

Businesses may wish to tailor customer experiences for a variety of reasons:

  * to innovate and create market opportunities to drive business value

  * to support a niche business within the broader enterprise (e.g. private bank business unit within a retail bank)

  * to to differentiate their offering based on customer segmentation (e.g. treat high value customers differently to low value customers)

  * to support brand differentiation from competitors

  * to meet the evolving requirements of customers and market changes

To do this businesses have a couple of options:

  # implement a 3rd party application, such as a CRM system, and configure, customise or extend it.  This approach may be expensive and not allow for the necessary level of flexibility or the required differentiation.
  # develop a bespoke application from scratch. This approach has the familiar drawbacks involving development time and risks.

gwt-cx aims to be an alternative to these approaches by providing a state of the art web application and a range of plug in modules to provide 80% of the common functionality of your web application.  The other 20% is added by configuring, customising or developing other modules to deliver your innovative, tailored customer experience specific to your brand or industry.  This additive development model accelerates development time and reduces the cost and risk of your project.


=How to use gwt-cx?=

3 steps in using get-cx:
  # *set-up the application framework* - 
  # *add modules* - select from a range of modules which provide common functionality used in many applications such as contacts and accounts, product, calendar or reporting. Choose whatever meets the requirements and omit the functions you dont need, so no more bloated software.
  # *extend* - 
    # configure
    # customise
    # code new modules

== Application Framework ==
At its core gwt-cx is an exstensible web-application framework. It has a rich feature set including:

  * authentication and authorization
  * localisation
  * multi-lingual
  * multi-page
  * file import/export
  * user management
  * signup/registration
  * password recovery
  * SSL switching
  * URL rewriting
  * themes
  * template layout

== Modules ==
gwt-cx provides a range of modules to provide common customer relationship functionality.



== Extending gwt-cx ==




== Sample Applications ==
To further accelerate the development, we have included some sample applications for common configuration types.

Current sample applications include:
  # Basic
  # CRM